A significant decision made for the journal section is making pop-up windows for the different actions that the user wants to do in the journal. The journal entries are stored in text files, and initially, I was going to allow the user to view these text files and edit them. However, that defeats the purpose of the journal program since the user can do that independently. So I decided to implement a pop-up window that makes the journal program easier to use, and it's not something the user can do on their own. Anything the user wants to do in a journal, such as choosing what to do, adding, deleting, and viewing/adding an entry, they do so through pop-up windows.

Another decision was downloading a Java library named jaunt, which allowed us to read information from a specific webpage. Using this, we developed a class that would read info from the events page on the UofT website based on a collection of keywords. We also opted to not have the program integrate with ACORN, as this was too difficult and unnecessary, when a simpler solution would be to ask the user for their courses the first time they log in, which would then use the code we wrote for the events to automatically add all their courses to every week of the calendar for the next year.

Another significant design decision was implementing the factory design pattern when creating items for the marketplace section. With this, we were able to not only limit and streamline how different items were stored in the database, but also pass that responsibility of choosing and creating items to ItemCreator - promoting loose coupling for our code.
