The user is asked whether they want to sign-in, sign-up or exit when starting up the program. If the user wishes to sign in they are asked to provide log-in credentials that are checked with existing user data and access is only granted if the user has an account. If they wish to sign up they are asked to provide a username and password of choice which are then used to create a new user account in the database. Once a user passes the authentication part of the program they are asked whether they would like to open the events, journal or marketplace section of the program and they are passed on to their respective choice of feature.

When users enter the journal, they are prompted to choose whether they want to add, delete, or view/edit a journal entry. If the user decides to add an entry, they will input a title, tags, and content. When the user wants to delete an entry, they choose from a list of journal entries that they wrote which entry they want to delete, and it will be deleted. Plus, when the user wants to view/edit an entry, they will be able to choose from a list of their journal entries which one they want to view, and that journal entry will be shown. The user, when viewing the journal entry, can edit it directly.

The user can access the marketplace section from the program’s main menu. When they enter, they are prompted to choose whether they want to search items, sell an item of their own or remove the item they have sold. If the user decides to search, they will have the option to filter or sort the items. They can filter items by location, type of item, price, or keywords, and sort them by price from high to low or low to high. The user can then view previously posted listings as they specified. If the user decides to post a listing, they will input the features of the item they are selling, as well as a password for their listing. If they later wish to delete their listing, they can do so by entering the password. 

