The program has two main sections: a marketplace, where students can sell and search items, and a self-help section, where students can make journal entries, organize events, and set alarms. 
The user can access the self-help section from the main menu. When they enter, they must log in with their ACORN username and password. Once this is done, the user can choose whether to view their calendar or their journal. The journal will be displayed as a list of the title entries. When an entry is selected, it will expand to show the full notes. There will be an add entry and delete entry option. The entries and events will be stored in a database attached to the specific UTORid associated with the user, so that whenever the program opens, it can easily access that information and display it accordingly.
The calendar will have a few options. The first is to recommend certain events that the user may be interested in, using keywords chosen by the user to look on the UofT website for matching events, then displaying it in lists for each month that the user can cycle through. When the user selects an event, information associated with the event, such as the description and date will be shown. The user can add any event to their calendar and will be able to create custom events for their calendar by inputting a title, optional description, and a date. For any event on the calendar, there will be an option to set an alarm for it. This notifies the user with an alarm sound as well as a short math question for you to solve. There will also be a delete event option that deletes the event off the calendar. By default, the calendar will contain all of the user’s courses.
The user can access the marketplace section from the program’s main menu. When they enter, they are prompted to choose whether they want to search items or sell an item of their own. If the user decides to search, they will input how they want to filter or sort the items. They can filter items by location, type of item, price, or keywords, and sort them by price or time posted. After choosing filters and sorting, the user is able to view previously posted listings as they specified. They have the option to exit the marketplace anytime after their search is complete. If the user decides to post a listing, they are prompted to input the attributes of that item. They are also asked to input a password for their listing. If they later wish to delete their listing, they can do so by entering the marketplace, searching for their listing, and entering the password they input when creating it. A listing is created based on the user’s  specifications and stored in the listing database. The user is asked if they want to create another listing, exit the marketplace, or view listings.
