User enters the marketplace from the main menu, which calls User_Controls and prompts the user to choose whether to sell or buy. User chooses to sell, and is prompted by User_Controls to input details about the item they wish to sell. When all details have been inputted, User_Controls calls ItemManager, which creates an Item storing those details. ItemManager calls Database, which stores the Item. User_Controls then prompts the user to decide what to do next. The user chooses to exit the marketplace and return to the main menu, and User_Controls calls MenuController to do so.

The User enters the User_UI from the main menu and is prompted to ‘login’. Once the User logs in the user is promoted whether they want to access the Journal or the Events tab of the section. The user wants to view the Journal, and selects the Journal section, which directs them to the JournalUI. The JournalUI prompts the user to exit or continue the program, the user wants to continue. User wants to add a journal entry, and is prompted by JournalUI to input the details about the entry such as the title, content and tags. After all information has been inputted, the JournalUI calls JournalController to create a journal , which calls Journal Manager to create a JournalEntry with the provided information. The JournalManager creates the entry and stores it in the Journal and returns the string representation of the entry.  The JournalUI prompts the user to then exit or continue the program, the user chooses to exit, then accesses events through Event UI.  The event UI prompts the user to continue or exit the program, the user wants to continue. User wants to add am event and is prompted to input details about the event. After all information has been input the Event UI calls the Event Manager to create an Event with the provided information. The EventManager calls MakeDeleteEvent which creates the event and stores it and returns a string representation of the event to the user.
